This is a head-gum original.
Ready?
Kind of, but like, why?
It's not that for me.
Did it, did it, did it?
That for a while.
But you know, you don't have the torture,
it's not a torture.
Beyond the show, is that where you're in the plane?
I'm implying that hearing a loud, clanging metal pipe is torturous.
It's not torturous, that's how we come back from the break.
Yeah, it's torturous and how we come back from the break.
Yeah, I, I'm sorry.
Would you mind putting on your headphones?
Well, that's what I was saying.
I don't, I feel like I don't need to wear the headphones
because I can hear you guys.
We're all here. There's no Zoom aspect.
Oh, you don't feel like you need to wear the headphones.
Correct.
Then why am I wearing them?
So you can hear the sound effects?
Yeah, you're, the producer, the engineer.
Yeah, making sure the levels are fine.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah.
Are you recording?
Ali has both cans on.
Casey has won.
You have none.
So it's a nice gradient.
We have everything covered.
I heard the clap.
Don't eat.
The sound effects are mixed so loudly that I could hear it
ambiently through other people's time.
Okay. Well, what about this one?
A softer one.
What's that?
Those cases saying what's that?
How did you hear that?
Because I can, it's loud.
Yeah.
All right.
Really?
Let's just, yeah.
There's no way around it.
You have to go through bond of the week.
But here it is bond of the week.
My, my pick is, um,
I'm sorry.
I didn't edit it from last week.
So it still says James Bond Street.
So why don't you guys go first and I'll figure out what the
on the way?
Yonic Center.
Hmm.
Who?
Yonic Center.
He just won the Australian Open.
He's Northern Italian.
Very tall.
Very slender.
I had a hair.
I thought you said great.
And I'm not done.
It looks great in a suit.
Hmm.
Speak's multiple languages.
I thought you were going to see.
He's a professional skier and a professional tennis player.
Yeah.
He's.
Yes.
I thought you were going to say unique to center.
What's that?
Somebody who has.
For lack of a better term kind of.
Castred.
Don't get stunned.
So many times that they don't deserve.
Balls to have.
To have.
Yeah.
Beautiful singers.
Yonic singers.
Yeah.
Again, we just got to make it through.
Well, broccoli.
We were calling upon you.
Have you guys ever called upon someone to do something?
Because that's what's happening right now is that I'm begging broccoli
to make the choice.
You know, it's like Roy Wood Jr.
At the Emmys.
I can't tell you're melding.
Please hire a host.
Oh.
And then they just went back with John Stewart.
Yeah.
So.
What is this?
I don't know who Roy Wood Jr is.
He's a comedian who is a correspondent on the daily show.
Everybody thought he was going to be the next host.
And then they just went back to John Stewart because his apple show got canceled.
Because of apples corporate interests.
Yeah.
They could handle the show for the three years in-between presidential elections.
But, oh, yeah.
It would actually help apple for another Trump presidency to happen.
Why?
Yeah.
Looser sanctions.
That's my world.
You're one of the weakest looser sanctions and unit center.
Yeah.
That's what I meant to say.
I feel like I don't mean to trace it all back to this.
But it's the fact that the walls are not-
Oh, my God.
Oh.
That I've been off my game the past few weeks.
Die at sea.
Looser sanctions are looser sanctions.
It's a good question.
My hair position is geo.
Uh,ality of a bond of the week.
Uh, Andre Agassie.
Okay.
On the other tennis player.
Yeah.
Casey.
Victor Wimbyama.
Nice.
It's all in skis.
Finally we made it past.
Um, I wanted to talk to you guys about something.
What?
Feel like we didn't delve into the victor of it all.
Wimbyama.
Fine.
What more do you want to say about it?
Not me.
I'm here with us.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Have I had a-
I feel like I'm actually pitching before.
Okay.
It's not a familiar.
So we don't need to dive into it.
Check the database.
Yeah.
Um, for already adds Lewis Hamilton.
Replacing Carlos signs.
You guys hear about this?
No.
I saw you post.
Jeff.
Is this what this is?
Yeah.
I mean, Casey.
Plug the pit wall and then also how do you feel?
Uh, yeah.
The pit wall is a formula one podcast for casual fans.
Lewis Hamilton is a formula one driver.
Maybe the best to ever do it.
Seven-time world champion.
Looking for his eighth.
And he's been driving with Mercedes for years.
And he's leaving the team for Ferrari.
Wow.
Ferrari.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Why did he leave?
Why didn't you change?
We don't know yet.
I'm guessing.
What did you say?
You said why did he leave?
And I said why didn't you change?
Because I was saying.
And you didn't join.
I did not.
That is.
Anyway, why did he leave?
I'm guessing.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I'm guessing he didn't think Mercedes was going to be competitive for a bit.
Did they pay him?
Is that how it works in F1?
Yeah.
They definitely get paid to drive the cars.
So how much did he get paid like before versus now?
Oh, he's definitely one of the highest paid drivers.
I don't know exactly what their contracts are.
But it's somewhere between like 50 and 80 million.
A year?
I think.
I think that's over like four years.
Okay.
Over like four years.
Before years.
Before versus for our years.
Sure.
Moving on to permanent jewelry.
What do you guys think?
I can't stomach it.
Right?
No, not for me.
Not for me either.
Yeah.
What would what would be permanent?
What kind of jewelry is permanent?
Bracelets, necklaces.
You'll go.
You'll go to the jeweler.
And they almost like they use like a little burning thing.
It's like gotter.
It's gotter.
They've gotterized it.
So yeah.
Into your skin?
No.
Idiot.
Around your wrist.
I'm trying to learn.
It's just like welded around your wrist.
So it'll never.
Yeah.
It'll never fall.
And then if you decide you're over it and you want to get it taken off.
You have to go back to a place and have them like.
I'm not permanent at all.
Yeah.
It's like a tattoo.
You can get it removed.
But it's not easy.
What is permanent?
And you know, if you're lazy.
The only idea that I could see this being useful is in terms of chest.
Meaning.
Just, you know, the permanent belts of it all just like welded onto your glands.
Does that make sense?
I don't mean to go to class early in the episode.
I just am saying, that's, oh, I can see how that would be useful.
Yeah.
So those who wish to stay chased.
I think it's mostly like little bracelets.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I get that.
I get that for sure.
Um.
Yeah.
I mean, you know.
Do you think chassis belt wares are the ones who want to be wearing it?
You don't.
You don't believe that someone else is making them wear it?
I think they want someone else to make them wear it.
I'm pretty sure.
Someone else is making them wear those things.
I know, but they want the person to make them wear it.
I mean, it was the Jonas Brothers parents that wanted them to wear their chest,
it rings.
Yeah.
Which honestly could have been permanent jewelry.
Not really.
But a ring that's permanent just has to be sized thus that you couldn't have slid it on
and you can't get it past the knuckle.
I don't want to have this conversation.
Please, moving on.
Um, moving on to, uh,
Kirby enthusiasm is back and then gone.
What, how do we feel?
And also what's going to replace it?
I feel like we could have it a mere style show.
That'd be cool.
Instead of Kirby enthusiasm, it's like, curb, curb stop your boss and have an orgasm.
It didn't exactly work.
I just was wondering, like, yeah, if your teeth are gone gone and work at all.
I know, but I was like, it was a threat.
It was a pitch.
I would say Kirby enthusiasm is one of the funniest television shows of all time.
I agree.
12 seasons is a lot.
Okay.
So he gave it more than enough.
Uh, he did a great job and I'm sat to see it gone.
But 25 years on TV.
That's a lot.
Yeah, but only 12 seasons in 25 years.
Yeah.
So takes time to reload and get inspired.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I haven't really seen the last like six seasons.
They're good.
Uh, for whatever reason when they changed from like it looking shitty to it, looking a little nicer.
I was like, I don't think I want to watch this now.
Yeah.
Also HD version.
I feel like he's, you know, I love Larry David, but he has got looks started to look worse.
So it's like that's when you really should be softening.
Yeah.
I really think I would have watched curve all the way through if they stayed in like standard definition.
Even today.
Interesting.
Like if you want to spend more money on the aesthetic, you should shoot on film.
Sure.
Yeah.
Did you see the sign fell to reunion season?
I did watch that one.
Yeah.
It was fantastic.
I think that one still looked shitty.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I like the one where they read.
They put up the producers.
Yeah.
It's been stillers in it.
I mean, every season is great.
Yeah.
Was that your idea for that segment right there?
No.
I actually think we could pitch in a mirror vehicle, but you know, nobody wants to play along with
me today.
So let's just move on.
I guess.
All right.
Here we go.
This is not a segment.
It's just something that I wanted to share.
Yeah.
So video of people making a belt.
You wanted to show us this?
Just let's all watch.
I guess it's kind of cool.
No audio, leather working.
So nice looking belt.
This is like, this is like a classic TikTok.
You get surfer.
It's like, why am I watching this?
And it's a love 49.
Yeah.
49 PM.
I actually go to bed.
Watch this.
Keep watching it.
And you realize it's like 45 minutes.
Pretty good.
Like the process of watching this is.
Oddly satisfying as you don't know what to say.
Yeah.
But what I wanted to run by you guys is.
The.
The final belt kind of looks like shit.
Right.
It's like four inches wide.
Like no one's going to wear that.
Yeah.
That was like a size.
12.
Think it's shit.
Yeah.
And we're about the process of making it.
When they punch a hole, does it separate?
Or is it literally removing that leather as a circle?
If that makes sense.
There's also.
Like text on the screen that's really small.
That's like Mary and then Jeff turned it off.
Yeah.
And then I go.
Um.
Now I don't need the headphones on.
I hear the sound effects outside of that.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Pretty good episode.
So far.
So far we've done bond of the week.
It looked at a belt.
And I think that's the perfect time.
Two.
Yeah.
See you later.
Here.
This show is sponsored by better help guys.
If you had an extra hour in your day, how would you spend it?
Because I would absolutely.
Fix all of my problems with the extra hour.
That's the issue is that there aren't 25 hours in the day.
So I can't become a better version of me.
Does that make sense?
But maybe you would want to go for a run or go for a nap.
Or go for reading a book.
Because a lot of us spend our times wishing that we had more time in our day.
And the question is time for what?
Because if time was unlimited, how you would use it would infer your mental health and your happiness and your joy.
The best way to squeeze that special thing into your schedule is to know what's important to you and make it a priority.
Therapy can help you find what matters to you.
So you can do more of it.
I'm in therapy every week.
I've definitely benefited from it.
And I would highly recommend it to anybody who has access to it.
And better help makes it easier.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, start with better help.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Learn to make time for what makes you happy for what makes you get joy.
With better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash.
What's that?
Thanks, better help.
There it is.
There it fucking is.
We're back.
Yet again with that Friday feeling on a Thursday.
But I'm just coming out.
Next Friday.
We select February 9th or something.
Sure.
Yeah.
So we'll have survived the atmospheric river.
Are you from my neighborhood?
Yeah.
The moisture belts just whipping through California, creating a restaurant.
Yes.
A super storm, creating five, six, seven, eight inches of rain.
Absolutely.
Which is like usually an entire winter's worth of moisture, just all happening.
In one, three to four days.
It felt smooth, I would say.
Yeah.
Is that crazy?
And we've got a sample of it today.
It was an any teaser sampler platform.
Correct.
And the torrential down.
By the time this gets released, we'll have either survived or not.
Or not.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah.
Especially with your house.
We input patients of it are potentially devastating.
You're having a slight off the hill.
From San Diego to San Francisco.
Yeah.
San Diego to San Diego.
All the same.
All the stands are turning into sand.
Because it's basically creating this wet, dirt, mud, sliding, moist, dry,
every day.
Unrelenting.
Why are there systems going to say it?
Where?
Because?
And nobody, nobody, nobody.
Nobody is going to ever.
It's capable of how to happen until it happens.
Because the next Friday, let's say the fucking Nazi.
That's what we'll know.
Exactly.
If we had survived this.
So we're quite in this now.
So you don't have to worry about power, electricity going out.
I don't win.
Mind.
Yeah.
Gale Force wins whipping, creating power line outages, internet outages.
It's all in play.
Um.
This is a segment I like to call critiquing classical.
You're yelling.
You're not wearing your headphones.
It's very loud.
You really need your headphones for this one.
Um.
Before continues.
This is a segment I like to call critiquing classical.
Um.
I think something that they say when you're like, you know, writing a piece, right?
Whether it's music, whether it's a script to put people together,
characters together that have instant tension, you know?
Like for instance, um, there's nothing that like,
I don't know.
Peter MacArthur, you know, would say that I would agree with.
Really?
Nothing.
Like he and I are like two opposite end of the spectrum in a certain way.
Have you ever met him?
I think I've said forward to the guy.
But that's because we don't have much to talk about.
You want to be?
You said forward.
And you don't think he agree with anyone.
I can see it in his eyes.
So my point is like, if you put Peter and I in a room, that's instant tension.
And there's going to be some like, you know, interesting conversations.
If nothing else.
If not, you know, hilarity and suing.
So I thought that what we could do is pair classical masterpieces with modern
dumbassery, which is to say we're going to listen to some
classical music on the show and see how that informs the rest of the show.
If you have any critiques about me, the piece or each other or the world,
that large, say them while the music plays.
Sure.
And we have been having discussions here about, you know, playing music,
but that's copyrighted music.
So this is not copyrighted.
Public domain, public domain.
And like the performances are also not those are copyrighted.
Yeah.
The piece is not the recording is.
So we don't really know the legal ramifications of what's about to happen.
I know, but we also don't know how fun it might be of.
Yeah.
It doesn't sound like it's that.
Good.
Just because you're saying, let's listen to classical.
Yeah.
My understanding is you want us to just do the show while classical music is wax,
but it's also kind of a draw the situation.
I wanted to see if I created this,
what I like to call it a container and arena that we can all play within.
Where it's like, okay, now we give it's happening.
Versus just like what the fuck are we all talking about?
Sure.
I also want there to be a critical bend to this.
So, you know, let me see what I can kind of pick you guys apart for.
Oh, you're going to criticize.
Oh, I thought we were criticizing the song.
Or the song.
Criticize anything.
Okay.
Yeah.
Casey, have you ever been to Waltz?
You wear this Waltz hat all the time.
Oh, yeah, I got a Waltz over time.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah.
Would you wear that hat at Waltz?
No, never.
And that's the thing.
So whenever you're not with that Waltz, you have the hat.
Whenever you're at Waltz, you don't have that.
I don't wear the Waltz hat at Waltz.
Correct.
Okay.
And you know what?
They don't make the yellow anymore.
You're right.
I'm not living the way that the music is swelling there.
You put the music on.
No, I know.
Oh, you're petite.
Right?
It's a little in your face the music.
I'm saying like, maybe like, there's subtlety.
There's beauty in subtlety.
So you want to stick critique the music now?
I'm critique anything that you're thinking of.
Okay.
Yeah.
See?
I don't think this is a good idea.
This segment.
Yeah.
See, that's a good jumping off point.
What would make it better?
No classical music.
But the whole segment is like the classical music.
Yeah, it's been to it.
Does that accent?
Yeah.
That's what I don't like about it.
Okay.
Well, that's a good start.
Do you know what this piece is?
It's in my life to look at my laptop.
Sure, sure.
It's Don Giovanni's overture for Mozart.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's good.
Thank you.
No, that's the wrong thing to do, actually.
You're supposed to be critiquing shit.
It's like a Casey's brothers.
America's brothers.
And America's brothers.
And Ali's brothers.
But nobody's saying anything.
It's just kind of staring at me.
Because we're trying to wrap our heads around.
What is happening?
Well, isn't it more difficult because of the classical music?
It is exactly right.
Yeah.
It's a good thing.
Good thing.
I did.
I said the segment's not good.
Okay.
But that's not good.
I was just negative.
I was saying you should stop playing the classical music.
Then it's not a segment.
Then it's just like talking.
Right.
That's fine.
Is it?
I don't think you should make a mistake.
The music makes it a container.
I said an arena to play with this.
It's playing.
It is.
Now it's more fun.
Thank you.
And now there's like a little bit of whims you going on.
Which I'm not sure.
Yeah.
I like the song.
You can just put it on the show.
Because everybody's just staring me to dead up the eyes.
Let's be honest.
The song slaps.
Don't say anything.
Okay.
All right.
This is actually pretty dope.
Yeah.
We want you to do say Mozart.
I have a note for him.
You don't have a note for Mozart.
What about a note for the show?
No, for Casey.
You know, for a mirror.
A note for your ass.
We did get a note for the show.
I feel like I fear that you guys both took the headphones off.
And it's like it here.
I can hear it from the headphones.
I know.
But then it's like, you're not.
Yeah.
I'm not immersing myself in the music.
What are you talking about?
Do you read it?
You're not in the arena.
If you don't have headphones.
Do you love Mozart and the jungle?
Are you sad about canceled?
I don't know what that is.
Have you seen it on the day?
Yeah.
On the day is.
Do you see it?
Have I heard of it?
I have that.
Yeah.
See.
Now it's a time where it's swelling in the, in that
It's so loud the way you put it in our headphones.
So I like the way it sounds from the distance.
Are you going to edit that audio in or just have it bleed through our microphone?
Were you in bands growing up?
I had to play the clarinet growing up.
Okay.
Had to.
Yeah.
Why?
You had to learn an instrument in school.
So I learned that in high school.
I chose the last school order.
They got rid of instrument.
They don't have any instruments.
No music.
No.
It's foot loose.
No dancing or singing.
It's a strict, no rejoicing.
Right?
You said you had to play the clarinet.
But it seems like you had to play it.
And you chose the clarinet.
I chose the clarinet.
But what am I going to play the viola?
Play guitar.
That was not an option.
Believe me.
I would have played the guitar.
I did French horn.
Yeah.
That was going well.
It's not going well.
Really.
I feel like it was half-baked.
Yeah.
Not an idea.
No.
It's now kind of to me sounding like Jeff's internal soundtrack.
I see.
That is crazy.
Yeah.
This is what it.
This is a little too sophisticated for what is actually happening in Jeff's head.
Yeah.
But I think the emotions.
I thought that there would be excuse me out of distance.
Yeah.
I don't even know when your sentence is end because it's so loud in my headphones.
So take it off.
I can't.
Because I'm not in the arena.
Yeah.
It's like he's resenting the arena that he put us in.
I, yeah.
Container he created.
Yeah.
It's hard because I did so much to help you guys.
Right.
And I start to resent how much I did to help you.
Yeah.
What did you do to help us?
Just kind of set up the container container.
Yeah.
To play in.
Right.
So then it's like that's half-baked.
Let's look at the belt video.
Yeah.
I think there was some more there to mine for us.
We left that pretty fertile soil.
There was two more songs.
But it went so poorly that I feel like we have to figure something out.
You want to see this for another 10 minutes?
I thought it was going to be like 20 minutes a second, where we were all just going
to dive into each other and kind of argue over classical.
We did want to argue, but I don't think the music was making us want to.
And also you kind of made it seem like you wanted us to point out things about each other
that we don't like.
Yeah.
I don't mind that.
And then you said to note myself, I don't, I'm not giving any notes.
Well, I got it.
It's good that you brought that up because I could do this again.
I took this little video.
I'll take a photo now.
Yeah.
On the last recording we did of your wearing same boots that we did.
Correct.
The last recording.
And I noticed on how your ankles.
Only feel like half of the screen.
Half of the screen.
Yeah.
No, I don't know if you guys took a photo.
I'll send it to you.
A lot of the vibe between the heel and the grip.
This is what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Because it's hard to find shoes that have a thin opening like that.
Well, it's hard to find out that case has been thinking about this for a week.
Three days.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because we did this on Tuesday.
Oh, that camera's not facing you anymore.
Are you using the GoPro?
Yeah.
It does look better a little bit on these monitors.
What the GoPro?
Yeah.
Set up everything to look correct.
I appreciate it.
We're pointing in the right direction.
That's what I was going to say.
And if it's the show heading in the right direction.
This one goes.
All right.
Here's something you'll all respect your sample.
Okay.
Slack or text it.
Yeah.
You could really, if you zoom in, you could really see how much space is in there.
And that boop.
Yeah.
So.
That's interesting.
That's hard.
Because like, let me send you whatever mind to you.
Yeah.
Because these boots are my size through the foot.
Not through the ankle.
Yeah.
And you can't know that from ordering boots online.
They don't have an ankle size.
You can email customer support.
You think I'm going to email those fuckers?
I do.
I think you'll email them right now.
Hindsight 2020.
I would have ordered half size down.
But any smaller than that, I would have me blisters for sure.
It would have been me blisters for sure.
Oh my god.
They put it to a fan vote if they want the new NBA logo to be that or Kobe.
And that edges it out.
Can you see the similarities, though?
I get it.
You sort of have that.
I see the similarities.
In the area.
Yeah.
For sure.
You wanted criticism.
You're not that personal.
Right?
You know I'm something about my fangles.
What do you why?
This is body shaving.
Right?
I wanted you to be like, oh, you know,
Jeff's hair is off.
Jeff's like waste.
I hear looks good.
Now you're mad at me.
No, let's just.
Yeah.
Did you say the way it recently?
It does look like.
Curlier almost.
Yeah.
I shouldn't put it today.
Sorry.
Oh.
It's supposed to record a good podcast right now.
You have.
You have an alert for recording.
That's a half hour after recording.
Yeah.
I get the the alert being like you are exactly where you're supposed to be.
Uh-huh.
Um, you know, I was reading this article today that said the psychology of
New Year's resolutions with which two weeks ago we told out resolutions.
Uh, I figured A we could kind of check in on those because it was saying that
it's more successful to set a goal for the New Year in February statistically.
Then it isn't January.
So I wanted to check in.
Amir, how's that?
How's that youth?
Are you embodying young?
Um, that wasn't my resolution.
That's the one I gave to you.
Yeah.
Well, I got I had the flu and then I've been sick for all of January really.
It's probably embodying young sort of feeling old.
Hmm.
Yeah, but in a way kids get sick often because they're still building that immunity.
Do you feel like you're on the upswing of your immunity or do you feel like you're on the
downswing of life?
Well, I turned 41.
So that feels like I'm.
Yeah, just slightly over that.
Yeah.
Hill.
Okay.
Average age wise.
Well, I think by the time like you're 80, they're going to come up with like some medicine
some science stuff where you'll be able to live to like 120.
Yeah.
And you think that the medicine's going to be colloidal silver or I haven't looked into
the science.
Yeah.
I don't know exactly how they're going to make it happen, but I do believe.
We are all going to be living and working into our hundreds.
Yeah.
Oh.
Imagine being 108 and going to an office.
That's some point that song's going to be like a greatest hit.
Yeah.
It's going to be a classic winery version.
The oldies channel will be playing Freddie Walk.
I got frogs in Atlanta.
Yeah.
What?
This is one of the best.
I was in here when we did the New Year's resolution episode.
You were here for the first time.
My wrist hit the trackpad.
Yeah.
It's a problem of your angles with your wrist.
They kind of protrude like.
Yeah.
Like a Tetris piece.
You were there.
Well, I brought in the flame.
You brought in the flame.
Yeah.
And you want me to do a lot of resolution for you.
I'm worried that every episode of this year is going to be meeting like dulling our
resolutions, checking your work.
You're worried about that.
Yeah.
So don't do it.
You're in charge.
If you're worried about something about this show, just do the opposite.
Yeah.
I was going to say that.
We did talk about on that episode that you've been to a lot of places where
the veil is thin.
The veil is thin?
Yeah.
You know, even though high, you've been to Topang River.
Oh, yeah.
You know, my fear for you is that you're not grounding yourself enough in this spiritual
dimension this realm.
That's fair.
Yeah.
What's that?
I just like you want to be so far.
Yeah.
My head's hurt.
My head is too in that class.
Well, beyond the clouds.
I mean, it's out of the stratosphere.
Right.
That's my fear for you.
I'm listening.
Yeah.
You're not agreeing.
I want to see where you're going to go with it.
I'm already almost there.
This way, you should have been agreeing or not.
I can't agree.
I want Ali to go to places where it's like, you're nowhere near the veil.
Okay.
So, you know, veil.
Fucking Cincinnati Louisville.
San Diego.
What's that?
Have you been a Cincinnati?
I have been in the airport.
Have you been to Louisville?
I have been there.
Did you go to the Louisville slugger factory?
No.
I went to the library of our.
Okay.
So, you places where there's like, is it kind of a spiritual or a thicker air?
Yeah.
Sort of something that's weighing you down physically.
And for the I theme, but think theme parks think commerce.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay.
That sounds awful.
Not like a resolution I've ever heard of for sure.
It sounds like not like a resolution.
Yeah.
It sounds like an itinerary.
It sounds like a mandate.
That's yeah.
Yeah.
So you want Ali to like go to apkott.
Go to veil.
Go to apkott.
Place where the veil is thick.
Yeah.
So thick air.
So how has that been going for you so far?
Well, it hasn't happened yet.
Oh, January.
I think since I've been set out on my quest so far, I'm doing it.
Okay.
I've never been available.
I've been to Louisville.
Louisville.
Yeah.
In terms of this year's resolution.
No.
I've just been here here.
This will month.
I've just been here.
Especially this episode.
Yeah.
What's that?
Um, Casey, your resolution was go Hollywood.
How's the funding coming for the two movies that you have?
What is kind of on a bigger scale?
What is on our scale?
Uh, yeah, uh, working on them.
Uh, something will be made this year.
I promise you that.
I make that promise.
I'll make that promise to the listeners.
Hold me accountable.
Yeah.
Gonna make a movie.
It's happening.
I had a meeting last week.
When?
My producers.
Okay.
Figuring out, you know, the pre-production stuff scheduling.
Yeah.
And you think that these, you think they actually are the real dealer.
You think that they're going to string you along.
And they're not going to get the money.
And then it's going to be like, guys, guys, where are you?
You know, where are we at on this?
And they're like, oh, yeah.
We're almost there.
We're almost going to start producing this.
These guys know, these, uh,
I'm making a movie with a close group of people.
And how are you doing?
Getting into that closeness circle?
Not well.
Right.
I invited him to the table.
Yeah.
Uh, interesting.
And then I would have heard him play one of the parts.
Oh, my god.
Considering casting him.
Wow.
And then I come.
You're not sure.
Yeah.
Didn't show up at all.
Did he say it was going to come?
I don't remember.
Did you say you were going to come?
And you just flaked?
Or I said, I could come to one of the days.
And then you did it on a different day.
No, wait.
No.
I remember, uh, I did it specifically on the day that you said you could.
And then you said you were tired.
No, no, no, no.
It's that my dad is severely immunocompromised.
And he asked if I could lay low before it traveled home.
Hmm, interesting.
You didn't relay that to me.
I think I did.
I don't think so.
Uh-huh.
He would have remembered severely immunocompromised.
Yeah.
It's a pretty terrifying two words.
Well, it's hard.
You know, I mean, let's be honest, as long as we're critiquing.
Casey's been absent for the past couple months.
All you can think about is projects, which is, by the way, part of the reason.
His nearest resolution that I'm giving him is to go Hollywood.
It's like, just make the movie so you can stop talking about it.
Sounds like he can.
I think you talk about it more than I do.
That's true.
I'll have a new shampoo here once a week.
Yeah.
You guys never ask me any questions about me.
Let's get some questions for good old Jeff.
Do you think Asian?
Yeah.
Do you have a skin care regimen?
Do.
What is it?
It's...
Drop it, King.
It keeps happening.
It gets more happening.
I'm going to wake up in a cold sweat.
Um, Sarah V.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I do the same.
Sorry to make it about me.
Talk about the movie.
I don't want to.
Tell me what kind of Sarah V.
How much money do you have?
How much money do you need?
Let ask.
How much money do you need to stop talking about the funding?
To stop talking about the beatings with producers.
Anyway, it's happening.
What is happening?
Sarah V. in the shower.
Filming face.
Lotion wise.
Are you so happy about the Michael Sarah campaign?
I'm indifferent.
I don't like it.
It makes me cleansing my face.
If there's a celebrity endorsement or not.
Oh, it makes every difference to me.
Do you like it?
I love it.
I love celebrity endorsement.
I'll buy something.
I'm susceptible.
If I think that someone cool likes it, I'll get it too.
Interesting.
You're an alpha consumer.
Yeah.
Don't just repeat what I'm saying.
I'm trying to be more like your ass.
Is that alpha?
Is it beta?
Because it's kind of follower.
Yeah.
That's someone that just repeated what I said.
I'm just gonna later.
Yeah.
It's Sarah V in the shower.
Like filming face.
Or there's a lot of different.
Sarah V.
So she could be using.
How is it a drama?
Is it a drama?
I obviously want to talk about the movie.
You better not sing me that.
And you're trying to make it.
I'm trying to get more details out of your routine.
By routine.
But it's really just about how much cash you want us to write you checks.
I have not mentioned money at all.
You mentioned movie and meetings with producers.
You brought it up.
You mentioned the table read.
The ceremony.
Non-foming ceremony in the shower.
Great.
Fucking moisturizer.
One kind.
It's doctor something.
That's every day.
That's perfect.
That's for feet.
You've been putting foot moisturizer in your face.
My term has said that my facial skin and structure is a little thin to a foot.
Okay.
No, I'm pulling up the actual name of it right now.
You guys are free to talk amongst yourselves so that the onus isn't always fucking on me.
And don't say, oh, but you host the show.
I can't make something out of nothing.
You just said, why don't you guys ask me questions.
Then we did.
Now you're mad.
It's like lorosh posse or something.
I always, yeah, yeah, I call that lorosh posse.
No, yeah, I can see.
Because there's like a little bit of posse left.
I want to get high off.
And you wear that on your face.
Is that an everyday thing or pride?
I wear it on my face and pride.
Okay.
Okay, French.
French.
I'm believable.
Um, that's nice.
Good for you.
What are your guys?
Drop your guys' face routine or whatever.
I'm still trying to pull it up because it's some.
It's not lorosh to posse.
I actually don't think it's something else.
It's docked or something.
Are you serivy, foaming facial cleanser in the shower?
And then serivy moisturizer.
I kind of gathered ducks.
You're really, really hoping that he was using foaming two.
You really took the floor right there.
You just said time about hour.
You're still cleansing how you're comfortable.
You were in taking the floor.
There should be some tips.
I was taking back in off the fact that you.
I'm a serivy.
Do you serve me because Alex Alban is a skin flu answer for it?
Are you serivy?
Serivy?
Because Alex Burkeman mentioned it.
Why did you pick a player in that?
You see more Obo.
Because they didn't have the Obo.
The school had the fucking instruments.
You just had to bring your own reads.
Lou or other.
This is not going on.
You don't think it's going well.
No.
I walked into the office.
I said it was going to be an amazing episode.
Why?
Did you have a plan?
It was developed.
So that you guys would have fun during it.
It was loose.
Yeah.
It wasn't like, oh, jafferty.
It wasn't like quote match.
It was like, what about something that's a little bit looser.
We get to talk about our skin routines.
Right.
I'm talking about it.
It's fucking funding.
You said you had a perfect segment for on.
Yeah.
I said I have a perfect game going for on.
Radio for you.
Yeah.
And that she should come at the 20 to 40 minute mark.
Did you think the classical music section was something that she
would really like slash want to participate in?
He loves Mozart.
And that was a Mozart original.
She does.
Yeah.
It was on her.
It was her second most listened to artist on her spot.
She was a Mozart for Halloween.
That's right.
Yeah.
There's such a thing.
Old Faden MD vital boost moisturizer.
It's not cheap, but it works well.
No free pub.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I'm going to black.
I'm going to black out.
Of my memory.
Of the episode and a black part.
Bam.
Old Faden MD bright eyes for dark circles.
Oh.
Yeah.
It's so nice.
And then I usually use skin suitors.
Sudicals vitamin C serum, but it's.
That's too expensive.
So I've been not using that.
Yeah.
What about you guys?
I actually don't use anything.
You don't wash your face?
No.
I don't mean I wash my face in the shower, but I don't use a face wash.
And I don't use a moisturizer.
You're saying this, like, we're going to be like, really?
Yeah.
We know.
Because I seem shocked.
I'm a very, like, oily skin by default.
So, like, the idea of putting stuff on there always kind of scared me.
Like, when I wasn't more of an acne-ridden teen, I used to, like, get, like, the, you know,
specific face washes and medications and stuff.
But now it's an older man and older, older gentleman.
Did you ever get a kill done intense pulse light therapy or something?
It's like, it's for dry eyes, but it also helps with pariodonticalization.
I guess if I had that I would.
You have it.
It's unbelievable.
I have it.
But it could return to any moment.
I would have to do the IPL.
I mean, the lights are pretty bright.
So I don't know what you see.
Yeah.
You're under a microscope on the show, not only emotionally, but also physically.
You think I have what rosacea?
It's not me thinking it.
It's just a comment section, man.
Everyone's talking about it.
They're saying, all right.
Now we're getting somewhere.
You can feel the energy waves getting a little bit better.
We're all on the same wavelength.
That's not a lot of, by the way, this is what I'm seeing.
It's time three.
Yeah.
Okay.
We're accusing us of having skin diseases.
I'm not accusing.
You don't go to the doctor.
And you're like, do I have a dissected carotid artery?
And you're like, I'm a kid.
You're not a doctor.
Yeah.
Not an doctor.
I am not a doctor.
Mm-hmm.
That being said, I have been at the doctor a lot recently.
So I think I can speak with a certain edge.
How are your eyes?
Not well.
Really.
Yeah.
They look cloudy.
They always do.
I have a pinguecula.
Which means, which means it's like a non-cancerous growth due to UV light and dry eyes.
Um, but I might have a needle stuck into that eye.
Oh, my god.
Right through the middle?
I guess near this tissue that would inject like it.
I'm not like infallible.
You're staring at me like that shouldn't have messed me up.
Yeah.
I'm talking about a very invasive medical procedure.
But I might need to get 12 times in a row.
12 times in a row.
In a year I said, not a row.
You said it in a row.
I said in a year I meant you also are constantly getting procedures.
So this shouldn't rattle you.
I got probed.
Greg.
Yes.
With a rod.
Yeah.
Where?
You're fucking eyelid.
Yes.
He talked about it all the time.
You do like a weird.
Why is this not a shot in that dress?
Yeah.
Another thing on your would love.
Right?
Right.
She's here.
She won't do the show.
She was like, I have to go live at five.
And I was like, this show's going to be over by five.
Yeah.
And she still wouldn't guessed.
And then she said, what time do you need me to come on?
I said 420 to 440.
It's 447.
She knows that it's 447.
And she refused to come.
Okay.
I guess maybe that's the thing.
When you guys respond with like, okay.
It's like, then the audience is like,
Jeff is like going off the deep end today.
You are.
No, I'm not.
You said I have the ankles.
You said they had cloudy eyes.
You said, oh, fun my movie for free.
No points on the back end.
Then why would I call you this?
I'm not going to give you the check.
I'm not here to be patronizing the art.
Scaticy.
I said, go all you want.
I said, you have two scripts.
Make one or both.
I've got three scripts.
So make one of the three.
I think it's weird.
It's weird.
It's a mirror called to make show me movie.
I know.
But then just get out of your own way and make the bitch.
It's not about how much money you have.
It's kind of about whether the producers are ready.
It's go Hollywood or don't.
Okay.
You're right.
That's the tone of an inspirational speech.
It was like kind of gibberish.
Yeah, lacking any sort of direction.
It doesn't matter if you have money.
It was a military.
Yeah.
It was a milkshake.
Because it's somewhat lacking a nutritional value.
What I was saying.
Totally.
But there is some truth.
There's some calcium.
Yeah.
It's a fairly vitamin D deficiency.
I think you're right about how that speech was as useful as a milkshake is healthy.
Well, no.
You can't change the advocacy there.
It has to be.
It was as useful as a milkshake was useful.
It's actually healthy.
So.
You're useful in terms of health is healthy.
Yes.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, do you feel inspired at all by what I say?
Yeah.
But I've already been.
I'm going to make a move like a real small move.
That's more than I've heard you say.
We're looking at like 10 day shoot schedule.
Yeah.
I'm going to be real low five.
You could do it for like 50 grand.
Because then you don't need five grand a day.
Yeah.
That's about what we're looking at.
That is what he said.
But what if you could get 100.
If we get 100.
Yeah.
That's 10 grand a day.
And that would allow us to play a little bit more with some stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, I know you want Casey to go Hollywood, go Hollywood.
What about when he's gone Hollywood?
Oh, yeah.
Then don't forget the people who inspired you along the way.
Valley, mirror, me.
I don't know.
I think you might miss these times.
You specifically.
I wish somebody would have told us that these were the good old days.
That's how I feel about the beginning of this show before I was forced, by the way, to make a video podcast.
Because I used to edit the shit out of this stuff.
And that's why people loved it.
It was tight.
All this stuff that, you know, basically this whole episode would have been.
It would have been cut other than me, maybe screaming at Casey and maybe, yeah.
I thought there was always like a video component would zoom.
We did it over zoom, but there was no video until I think episode like 80.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And we're losing them now that it's the video because you can't cut shit out.
You can't cut the silences.
When I say, okay.
Really?
That's why there's multiple cameras so you can.
You've got to cut something.
Yeah.
You just don't want to do it.
No.
Well, it's just, you know, I don't have the time or energy.
You don't have the energy.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Definitely have the time.
Yep.
Yeah.
Because I don't do anything else.
Yep.
Great.
I inspire.
I actually resent the occasion.
I don't do anything else.
Go ahead and inspire.
Who?
Casey.
Casey and others.
Do you want me to inspire you?
I'm okay.
I'd love it.
To inspire.
I'm yours.
Inspire you know.
No.
Inspire me.
Let me guess.
Okay.
Someone along your journey said you couldn't do it.
Am I wrong?
I'll take your silence as I've never been so inspired.
Oh.
Sorry.
Was there music?
Was that it?
There was music.
Yeah.
But as soon as I tried to listen it.
I was way easier than I thought it was going to be.
Thank you.
Did that not work?
We can try one more time.
Sure.
Try one more time.
Headphones?
Okay.
Let me guess.
Someone along the way as you launched toward you.
Said, I don't think that wench has what it takes.
But are there words poison to you?
Or are there words joys in to have?
Because, outchemically, you can take dirt and let it grow into a beautiful mass of flowers.
A stem from which joy rises from the ashes.
Phoenix, silly.
New word.
Because the alley can't story.
Ain't overbooks.
For it is just begun.
And for the thousands of haters.
For the dollars.
For the people who say, who's alley can't.
Let them taste the poison.
And they're John Vist comes.
And say, enough is enough.
We need a world stage.
Where alley can't is laying every floor.
Only one woman show.
Because we're all one.
And that one.
It's Casey.
You can't call her a wench.
I wasn't even saying that.
It was the powder.
It was between the leaders.
Your second attempt was much better than the first.
I think the first one was the same.
I just think people didn't understand it.
The second one had joy of the beat.
But I was quoting somebody, but somebody called you a wench.
At some point.
At some point I'm sure.
You're sure.
It was me.
I'm the problem.
It's me.
That's true.
Oh, you were singing.
Yeah.
Sorry.
This is so fucked up with plugs.
No, I'm retiring.
I made enough last year.
How much can you say how much I'll bleep it?
How much do you make?
I'll ask to pay taxes.
It's just annoying.
Yeah.
I thought I was making more, but actually now I'm giving some back.
Because I made that money.
You only made money for the US government.
Uncle Sam.
Moving is L.
Patriot.com for slash Riley and Jeff.
We're still doing Zoom parties over there.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Zardis.
So please help pay our rent and help fund our retirement.
Because I take all that money.
I put it into a.
We're on.
Vanguard.
Sorry.
You put it into Vanguard.
I'll ask him.
Yeah.
So it's compounding interest.
Every dollar you make in your 26th year of life is worth more.
Then like give him your started investing now.
You only has 24 years.
No.
I thought we figured out he has like 80 to 100 more years.
Well, you think the retirement age is going to be raised?
Yeah.
To 120.
God.
That would be.
Plus.
Even plugs.
You guys are staring at me.
Space.
Something.
Plug your shit.
To be honest, my ears are ringing.
I have to make.
Do you really?
From this question.
Yeah.
When I wake up.
Jackson Man.
Nice.
Cut your hair.
Yeah.
You're going to take another little picture.
Oh.
Listen to the pit wall.
Yeah.
And.
Venmo.
Me.
Money.
For the movie.
I'll have like.
A.
Like an amazing.
Like a cocktail hour at an art gallery opening where you're like, or it's a fundraiser.
Yeah.
You're really not, not like that.
event would cost half the budget, yeah.
Well, just save your money until I'm ready to officially ask.
So it's up until you can donate to your art.
Yeah, but until Casey's ready.
Yeah, I'm ready on Instagram.
Yeah, they're housing people to give you 50 bucks.
At Letterbox.
That's it.
At Elecon, Casey just followed me, huge.
Whoa, yeah.
On Letterbox?
Yeah.
Do you want to soft-pitch the idea for your show and get people talking about it?
No, I can't yet.
Okay, I remember.
I'm here.
I woke up in a new Bugatti.
Oh, my frankly.
I thought you were going to plug the brand of dialysis around.
What?
No way.
That's the thing that actually hurt us feeling.
I feel like there's been so much worse said.
He said I was a cotton candy man, a couple of weeks ago, and you were.
That was a hit-dum original.